2-3 tablespoons olive oil 
2-3 pounds beef stew meat (you can also use a pot roast cut up) 
¼ cup of flour
Salt & Pepper to taste
1 cup diced white or yellow onion
4 cloves of minced garlic
1 cup red cooking wine or merlot (any red wine)
4 cups low sodium beef broth
I packet of dry onion soup mix
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 bay leaf
2 teaspoons of kitchen bouquet 
1 pound baby heirloom potatos, halved and quartered as needed
1 lbs Heirloom carrots, halved long ways 
1 cup frozen peas, no need to thaw
1/4 cup fresh Italian parsley

Optional
1 cup red cooking wine or any red wine

INSTRUCTIONS

1) Combine salt, pepper and flour in a small bowl. Cut any large pieces of stew meat into smaller bite-size pieces and coat meat in flour. 

2) Heat the olive oil in a large pot over MEDIUM-HIGH heat. Add about half of the meat to the pan, or as much as you can without overcrowding the pan.

3) Saute the beef until nicely browned. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the beef to a dish and set aside. Repeat with the remaining beef, adding additional oil if needed. Set the cooked meat aside while you make the gravy. 

4) Add a small amount of olive oil in pan, add onion and garlic, cook until tender. Add a spoonful of flour to the pot and stir until all the oil is absorbed. 

5) Add beef broth to the pan stirring slowly on medium heat. Continue to scrape the bottom of the pan until the gravy is smooth.

6) In a small glass, add a couple tablespoons of flour or corn starch to ½ cup of cold water to thicken the gravy if needed 

7) Add mixture to beef broth, along with a packet of onion soup mix and stir until gravy thickens. 

8) Add the red wine and increase the heat under the pot to bring the mixture to a boil.

9) Add Worcestershire sauce, salt & pepper, and the bay leaf. Add the beef and all the juices that have accumulated back to pot and bring to a boil. 

10) Reduce heat to LOW, cover, and simmer for 1-1/2 hours, or until the beef is fork tender

11) Add Kitchen Bouquet (Secret ingredient, very important)

12) Add the potatoes and carrots and raise the heat under the pot to bring the liquid to a boil.

13) Reduce the heat to LOW, cover and simmer for another hour until the veggies are fork tender. 

14) Stir in the frozen peas and parsley. Let simmer for 15 min

15) Enjoy!